README.md, before:

# DOTA-Builder
Code repository for DSLs Project

# How to run

Currently, this runs by using the python file "dota.py" in the main directory. To get this to work, you must install the following necessary packages:

```
parcon ("pip install parcon")
matplotlib ("pip install matplotlib")
```
To run, edit the line of dota.py with ```prgm_name``` to have the name of your file. Then enter: ```python dota.py``` in your command line in the main project directory. Yes, this is gross. No, its not the final implementation. 

Then, you can write a program by following the examples in Sample Programs/sample1.dota

Essentially, you specify a build as:

```
build_name = level: X hero_name with: (item1 and item2 and...)
```

adding items is optional, and you can give the hero a preset item build by declaring it beforehand as:

```
items = (item1 and item2 and ...)
```

Then, you can query for stats of a build. Currently, the only available stats are:
"damage", and "hp", like:

```
get: damage of: build1
```

You can also get the number of attacks it takes for one build to kill another, like:

```
get: attacks of: build1 vs: build2:
```

Thats about it at the moment, soon lists, loops, and more stat queries will be available, followed by the ```optimize``` keyword.




#TODO:

- Add for loops and lists to grammar and abstract syntax tree. 
- add the evaluator for for loops and lists
- include all data queries
- add hero ability data
- beef up combat simulation
- add optimize command to the backend
- add optimize command to the grammar, ast, and eval
- make specifying hero/item/data names smart
- add efficiency somehow (probably with faked item data for buildup items)
- include hero abilities to grammar/ast/eval
- include other syntax elements when I think of them

Commit message:

Updated reademe, and added most stat queries that are allowed. Some others will work, but aren't documented because reasons ;)

README.md, after:

# DOTA-Builder
Code repository for DSLs Project

# How to run

Currently, this runs by using the python file "dota.py" in the main directory. To get this to work, you must install the following necessary packages:

```
parcon ("pip install parcon")
matplotlib ("pip install matplotlib")
```
To run, first make a file with your program in the Sample Programs folder. Then, edit the line of dota.py with ```prgm_name``` (line 15) to have the name of your file. Then enter: ```python dota.py``` in your command line in the main project directory. Yes, this is gross. No, its not the final implementation. Working on other parts of this at the moment. 

To write a program, you can write a program by following the examples in Sample Programs/sample1.dota

Essentially, you specify a build as:

```
build_name = level: X hero_name with: (item1 and item2 and...)
```

adding items is optional, and you can give the hero a preset item build by declaring it beforehand as:

```
items = (item1 and item2 and ...)
```

Then, you can query for stats of a build:

```
get: damage of: build1
```

The available stat queries are:
- "damage"
- "hp"
- "armor"
- "agi"
- "int"
- "str"
- "attack speed"
- "mana"
- "attacks per second"


You can also get the number of attacks it takes for one build to kill another, like:

```
get: attacks of: build1 vs: build2:
```

Which will bring up a frequency graph of how many attacks it might take for build1 to kill build2

Thats about it at the moment, soon lists, loops, and more stat queries will be available, followed by the ```optimize``` keyword.




#TODO:

- Add for loops and lists to grammar and abstract syntax tree. DONE
- add the evaluator for for loops and lists DONE
- include all data queries - DONE (but only for stats, not combat)
- add hero ability data
- beef up combat simulation
- add optimize command to the backend
- add optimize command to the grammar, ast, and eval
- make specifying hero/item/data names smart
- add efficiency somehow (probably with faked item data for buildup items)
- include hero abilities to grammar/ast/eval
- include other syntax elements when I think of them
